Beast games is not a normal show JC was
greedy to take the 650 no no don't tell
them what they want to hear tell them
the truth yes the juicy stuff so this is
not going to be a normal reunion Dino
I'd like your attention right now dino
is a 60-year-old white man from
Hollywood he instinctively oh God chose
Jazz because he thought that black women
were friends we have a little twist well
well well yeah maybe it was selfish but
I have a lot of support on Reddit and so
forth we're going to talk about the beef
all bets are off I'm playing me against
nine period calm down we're getting a
little too rowdy up here we're gonna
talk about the drama the Habibi brothers
would you guys change anything about
absolutely not you know we're putting
this on the internet some surprises I
got a hard-hitting question for you God
you got 89% from the fans 133% from the
critics why the difference I don't know
if we have to keep opening these wounds
what changes would you make if you were
the owner of Tik Tok uh I'm your host
John Yi one thing that we learned about
you afterwards is that you're a
professional poker player they believes
it I'm like oh my God this is great did
you tell your husband right after the
show ended that you turned down a
million dollars three times in that
moment I knew like it was over and I
felt like I let a lot of people
down before we get into it make sure you
subscribe and ring the bell because we
have so many big videos coming up more
interviews more Studio tours more video
breakdowns so hit that button so you
don't miss it and now back to the video
so let's kick it off can we see your
bank
account I'm kidding give me actually you
share a SC can I say this yeah yeah I I
showed him a screenshot before he came
up of us sending the money and I got a
screenshot of it you got speaking
speaking of that um okay now that we got
the top 10 here uh we prepared a little
graphic taking a look at how much each
of you had made while you on the show
oh dude look at my 50 c let's go she
made 50 cents more than Patrick
let go let go all right I spoke with all
of you before this in preparation sent
out some surveys one of the questions I
asked was was there anyone who you
thought did not deserve the money they
won oh oh my
gosh jump right into it why don't you
six of you said
JC whoa why cuz 650,000 is absolutely
greedy can you elaborate why why I mean
JC has a family talked about like you
know trying to pay off his debt taking
care of his kids you don't mention one
number and then take more than that and
then say I'm justified in taking that
it's not it's not how that should go JC
do you want to
respond oh we're jumping right into it I
I'll wait for my turn I didn't think it
was going to get this hot this quick
we're getting into it but I I'll wait
for my turn to respond I have a reason
for why I did what I did isn't this your
turn right now now though yeah like go
no because you weren't in my
shoes you can say I would not have done
this if I
was you were not in my shoes trust was
already broken game on I'm taking the
money you know what I said it before and
I'm going to say it again and I'm going
to say it loud for the people in the
back I will never ever ever choose any
of them
before my family
period period
wow this is a it's a good
reunion we're having fun wow I did not
expect it to get that heated that
soon I was going to say I was very nice
I don't know about heated it could have
got spicy but I'm I'm lukewarm right now
let's make it a
little well we got some clips let's make
it a little bit spicier oh God in the
middle of the city is $1
million this million is up for grabs in
the next
challenge starting with the player in
house one you'll each come out of your
house one at a time to take as much or
as little of the million dollars as
you'd like I didn't expect that at all
really yeah this is guaranteed money
this your
money I would pay off my mortgage and my
debt how much is that a lot uh do you
feel comfortable sharing uh with
mortgage credit cards loans I probably
owe about
530 wa you could take exactly what you
need to pay off all your debt JC I trust
more than anyone here because he was in
my red CU Box challenge with me in such
a short amount of time I've grown to
love you guys like if you were my
daughters I told you that I don't want
to take care of you but I don't know
what to do right now and he said he'd
take me to the top and now I'm number
four so yeah I don't see them sabotaging
me whatsoever I trust every one of them
I know I'm going to have a a Target on
my back but I'm not guaranteed the 5
million
either I want to leave something for
Emma so what do you thinking 566 how
much are you taking for
yourself I'm going to take
who Okay JC I trust more than anyone
here Emma I wanted to give you the floor
because you said something um beforehand
you said I would have not have trusted
people so easily and I would have played
more for
myself yes I mean being at my age 22 I
feel like there's still a lot of
learning I have to do um and I do need
to trust myself more than anyone in this
game and I feel like that was my first
big betrayal in my life so it's very
shocking to me however looking back yes
initially I was very hurt but as I've
had time to think about it I've realized
he did what he had to do for his family
this is a show to earn money and I can't
be mad at that even though it did hurt
my feelings and I have forgiven you as a
person but I will never forget the
situation I get
it that's incredibly mature that's
incredibly J do you have anything to
yeah I I want to share what led up to
that point prior to that happening toana
comes up to me and says Hey
JC you are trusting the wrong
people what do you
mean
Jeff Patrick and Gage they want you out
they are coming for
you
impossible these are three people that I
trust the most aside from Emma in
possible player comes up we
separate
Jimmy hey guys game on nobody talked to
each
other right we go into our into our
bunkers and then it hit earlier that
afternoon before our family
arrived I walked over to Patrick's bunk
and as I approach the steps I
hear laughter and talking and I knock on
the door complete silence I knock again
I hear
scattering I open the door I see Tana
running out the
back I see the boys okay standing
there
pale-faced talking over each other
nothing makes sense the first thing I
said is what's going
on that's the very first thing I said
because it didn't make sense to me
Patrick decides to say oh she just got
spooked spooked about
what it didn't make sense to me so when
I
said when I said in my
bunk and I was in my own
thoughts and I said okay Tana's not
lying it all syned back to that moment
I felt
betrayed I felt let down I I felt angry
because I let my guard down and I
trusted people that I thought I could
trust shame on
me and at that point I decided it's game
on all bets are
off I'm playing me against
nine done
wow okay
and and I want to say till this
day and I'm going to call them out
because I have to till this day because
that's what I do I'm
dramatic it's in my
DNA to this day they do not remember
anything about that
conversation they don't remember no we
didn't say that for misleading me for
misunderstanding what they
said take that somewhere else man dang
wow all right all right I'm glad I'm
glad we're getting these other
perspectives out there there's a lot of
people who you named there toana do you
want to respond anybody else want to
respond to that I mean he took a very
long time to say the same thing he
already
said okay we we're we're I want to like
uh switch topics a bit um Mike yeah
you're not getting off the hook here mad
that's true you're not getting off the
hook here right before the tower
challenge took um a little little bit
more than his fair share of money um if
we play the clip it is finally your turn
you can take a 100 Grand like 830 did I
have a specific number in my head I'm
going to go
with
223,000 cuz it's my birthday how crazy
is that it's just nuts to look at it you
know happy early birthday happy what's
what's the
problem would you make that same
decision again I would yeah when I have
the chance to get some money and not
kick anybody
out is great you know let's go let's
play a
game I don't know if we have to keep
opening these wounds yeah did you expect
this to play out like these scenarios
when you Tyler Clon were planning out
these challenges cuz just that one in
particular I had no idea I mean if you
would have asked me before we started
filming I would have said the first
person is just going to take the million
and then but on set I had no idea what
was going to happen um I wanted to
freeze frame on a moment that you could
see so much emotion in this person's
face if we could play the moment that uh
Tana you realize that Jeff won the 10
million that 10 million in cash is
represented on a check in that six
briefcase I think six briefcase has the
check is there anything you want to say
to
that it's your pick
you had played so hard that entire game
when he said briefcase 6 which had the
$10 million in it what was going through
your
head
sorry I honestly felt like like in that
moment I knew like it was over and I
felt like I let a lot of people down
like it wasn't about the money for me
but I felt like all the like in the
beginning of the games I didn't have any
idea about the money like I didn't think
about the money it was just I want to
get to the end of these games and then
as I got closer I was like oh I can
really like this can happen I can make a
difference and then when he got the
first briefcase I was like oh I let
Jimmy down I ruin the game and then like
I was like I I let the kids down like I
let everyone down and then there was a
moment where you see me smile because I
was happy I really was happy for you and
it was just so much like after being
through so much it was just it was
bittersweet like I felt like I left let
people down but I was so happy that you
were going to do so much good so it was
just
time why did you pick the number six I
was just trying not to Signal anything
like my heart was pumping so hard did
you pick up on any of those cues from
her
it you I told toana this earlier it
didn't matter really I had already
picked six when we were up top looking
down at the briefcases interesting the
six six was talking to me for days
really wait tell us more about that like
um so first when you think about the
money grab
um Patrick picks five and he gives me
key number six mhm so oh wow I'm now in
bunk six we spent the whole day
um there's a prayer I say a couple times
a day that has six verse six words in
the first
verse then we go to the top six yeah and
then I don't know if there's a clip here
but you're talking to us about it so I'm
already going it's six really then you
spin it you put your hand down uhhuh do
you know which one you put it on no six
really then you spun it again this is
before she mixed them this is before she
mixed them yeah to be clear you spun it
again yeah I don't know if it was in
front of me or in front of you it said 6
I'm like oh oh my gosh it's 6 so a lot
of what I did was a little bit
performative mhm I knew I was going six
but I also wanted to see what she was
responding I have a question yeah like
you put the three briak faes on the top
was that a like was there a rule no she
could do whatever it just had to be on
the thing okay cuz I was I was like so
in my
mind having to choose out of 10
briefcases would have you know made your
odds better why did you leave those
those were still in play yeah he could
pick from up there those in got like if
she wanted she could have stacked all 10
up there and then yeah he just grabbed
one of them but honestly when you're in
that situation your nerves are just
going a million in your brain you can't
think straight and it's you're just
reacting just moving and looking back
now I know what I should have done but
should would have could have like it was
always meant to be the way it was going
to be I was worried he was going to hear
you moving him cuz you didn't move too
many yeah I was like oh gosh what what
did you think when they picked it on the
first time cuzz I remember before we
were talking about like what's ideal
case scenario like oh man I hope it goes
three four five rounds yeah well you
know how many rounds do you think it
would
go it is ideally it's not the first
round I mean there's a 10% chance
that round one would be brutal the fans
would be pissed because one be wouldn't
even get a chance yeah a four would be
awesome and if we went like five or six
deep that would be crazy I I didn't
think it would be the first one I mean
obviously it's a 90% chance it wouldn't
um I was I was flabbergasted um but I
think it it worked out well because like
you guys had that like tension where he
was like what' you say and it built up
really well I mean it would have been it
would have been very brutal if she was
just put it there and he's just like six
then I would but they gave us plenty to
work with so I don't think it mattered
like it still turned out really good and
we had like a really solid buildup um so
yeah I actually think it it worked out
well um because it might have got a
little repetitive if it went too long
yeah and I mean and obviously everybody
knows toana like she is intimidating
she's got so intimidating that supposed
to be
intimidating oh I I trust me I TR like
from the get when I walked by you when
you were kind of talking to Gage with
the coin flip I'm like if there's any
chance I win I need you to see a side of
me that you've never seen so I was like
I need to try to get in your head
somehow and you kind of spit it right
back at me I'm like oh my gosh this is
not going
well it was it caught me it did catch me
off
guard I was like yeah I was like where
is this coming same I was like whoa yeah
okay all right I was trying to like make
jokes on set to like bring the energy
down a little bit I was like damn uh
toana I just want to say you said you
let people you let nobody
down
nobody um I mean toana I I I I give you
a lot of props for saying no to a
million dollars three times and met your
husband you you talked so much about
your children like did was that
conversation hard coming home I think
after all the said and done there's
always the would have should have could
have um the first two 1 million per no
like I don't regret that at all my
family understands why I didn't and they
don't they don't like like question why
I didn't take the money you know what I
mean I I think a lot of people are like
oh you're stupid you should I would have
taken it but the first time it it would
have been sending people home to take
the money the second time we talked and
we said hey there's enough for everybody
let's just do the like this is kind of a
side quest on the whole game let's let's
all get something and then we can move
forward for the final
goal the last
one is is is quarterbacking you know
it's what's we call it Monday Monday
morning quarterbacking you know like I
may not have gotten the win at at the
end but I'm still going to keep fighting
for what I what I want and what I
believe in and I'm still going to get my
nonprofit off the ground it's just going
to be in a different way did you tell
your husband right after the show ended
that you turned down a million dollars
three times or did it like did you build
up to it over time no I I I ripped that
Band-Aid off right away right away hey
missed you by the way I rejected a
million dollar the way yeah coming home
without the million
dollars but I mean how do you for myself
how do you live with yourself how do you
live with yourself when you look people
in the eyes and say hey I won't I won't
do this this is the plan I you just
stick to it that's all okay another
question we asked you guys how do you
feel you came across in the final edits
of the
episode I haven't talked to any of them
about this all right on a scale of 1 to
10 10 being the most accurate one being
the least accurate six of you basically
said you were happy with it four of you
said you wish you would have come across
better
whoa and I'm wondering is there anything
you want to express or elaborate on to
the millions of viewers who are may not
seeing a side of you tens of millions
tens of millions um that may have not
have seen the side of you on on camera
that came out on the show I do want to
clear something for everyone's info me
and yesy are good we're totally fine
we're
good I never flat out said like I was
lying to her that did not happen
everyone knows my what did you say see
depending on where you throw is where
I'm going to throw whoa oh so you're
saying you'll only throw at 947 if she
throws at you first yeah of
course wa she went for 831 instead of
937 that was
good wait wait wait wait she didn't
throw at you but you still threw at her
937 just did the exact opposite of what
she said earlier I so I just remember on
set going whoa that's not what she said
but yeah if if I remember correctly um I
said that and then a couple rounds later
is when we were targeting each other and
then that's when yesie got me out it's
Mac here Mac doing some deceptive
editing I want to know but yesie and I
are good I would never thought out lie
toie we're good I just want to say that
you Courtney hey dude hey dude how's it
going yeah I feel like you were so
authentic in the way that you were
portrayed and and uh nothing f 100% yeah
props to the editors in mac and you guys
for creating all this but absolutely
represented me exactly how I am and you
know working with God and how I want the
world to see me and also maybe take some
take some notes from how how to act in
some situations exactly how I wanted it
to be do you wish uh you when they
started throwing at you that you tried
to like get them all to gang up on
someone else on the ball challenge yes
my biggest regret is not teaming up with
the girls and going towards you know cuz
we had a conversation
yeah we had a conversation of Alliance
yeah I would change that for sure before
the finale so like when if I remember
correctly we had a conversation and I I
initiated at first I said do you guys
want to be an alliance and yes he said
yes and Cy was unsure which you know we
didn't know what we were doing so we had
no idea but we all could have done in
Alliance it's not Courtney's fault but
um he could have had half the people
team up so we just all went for
ourselves instead but interesting the
may you guys would have got Jeff out who
knows alliances a lot of what ifs uh
Gage you're being awfully quiet over
there Mr 10 million coin flip I know
right I I was uh portrayed as like a
very you know mellow subdued like under
the radar quiet person this is a perfect
metaphor for how you played the game
just let everybody else duke it out I
mean a little bit I felt like I mean I
had some great interactions with all of
you guys and everyone and I I feel like
they didn't portray me in like the
light-hearted kind of goofy way that I
would have liked I mean a lot of it was
very serious I was like you know on the
uh bleachers all alone looking out in
the distance as you're like the The
Quiet One um but I was I was okay with
it how did you get the balls to decide
to do that coin flip yes like but you
would have been eliminated like coming
that far did you think there was going
to be an advantage or tell us tell us
what was going through your head so part
of part of it was I thought there might
have been an advantage there that was
one aspect um the other several there
were several aspects um in my thought
process um I thought that I kind of
needed to redeem myself a little bit
after the last game um having to you
know pretty much backstab three people
and tell them that I was going to vote
for them and then not vote for them um
so maybe get back in like the good
graces a little bit oh interesting um so
you felt obligated to to risk your spot
to make everyone like you again sure and
also like as I was portrayed like by
everyone else as well so I felt I felt
really bad about that um and then I just
thought it would be so cool I thought
it'd be so cool to just if if was if I
could pull it off yeah could you imagine
if you had lost though you know you
would have replayed that in your head
every night forever I you would have
been like would I have won the5 million
yeah yeah that's czy would anybody have
else have done the coin toss if Gage
didn't would you have I was really
thinking about it like I was really
think be honest beon I feel you were
egging him on no for real like I was
like ask everybody like I was really
like I was like let me feel it let me
just and as I'm feeling the vibrations
of the coin a hand just snatches up
under me and I'm like oh well he's got
it okay but if he didn't touch it you
would have done it I don't know if I
would have done it like I was like
really like tossing in my head but I was
really thinking about it Jeff was there
a world where you ever would have done
it no but I I looked at Gage right away
and I I saw Gage in a way I've never
seen him and I'm like oh he's doing it
like 100% he's doing it I just want to
make him feel good about it you did make
him feel good you're like never in
mankind J never in mankind no and then
Gage is like never in mankind hey first
ever I mean Guinness book are you
kidding me that's right he made you rich
made you rich richer richer Rich um
yesie uh oh that memory challenge oh yes
I don't even remember you think about
that
pattern oh dude absolutely I I can
imagine walking down the street you know
just dude I what's crazy is he even told
you it was to the left you know what so
okay so before we went into that
challenge we were put on Ice which is
essentially when we can't speak to
anyone and um I had just gotten told
like hey watch out for Jeff so I was
already uh by toana she had told me like
hey like be careful oh no no no no but
hold on hold on okay like Jeff and Gage
are in Alliance and I kind of thought
taana was in there but then she wasn't
really in the alliance cuz she was just
cool with everyone so I was already like
dang Jeff wants to take me out I was
like but why I was like oh cuz this is a
game I was like oh why am I so
dumb if you made it across who would you
have eliminated you know um after
thinking about it I I do think it was
going to be Gage I'm sorry Gage I just
so in the tower you lied to me buddy I
helped you and you lied to me so I was
like Gage and then after I don't
remember see I don't remember that
actually lying to you specifically and
with the intent he's like I just kind of
lied it wasn't like a serious lie I
think it was misinterpreted because my
intention was to say that I didn't that
I didn't you're just one of the three
people he thought he could vote for no
it in that moment that just like what I
had remembered and after that like
during the Ball Toss you never looked at
me or you never said anything to me
whereas Jeff he told me immediately
straight up like hey you know what this
was just part of my strategy like I'm
sorry no hard feelings and I respected
that you know like immediately and of
course toana had just helped me out in
the tower so Jeff helping me out with
the pattern I was already like all right
he's good but in that last moment when
Jeff told me to scoot over one right he
like touched his beautiful beautiful
hair and I was like I was like oh man
Jeff doesn't know either I'm cooked and
I was like you know what I'm just going
to bet on myself cuz that's that's a
decision I'm never going to regret you
know every single time if I lose by
betting on myself I'm proud of that
decision wow give it up that's a
beautiful statement and so so if you did
make it across it would have been gauged
and then would you have taken the
million dollars oh absolutely dude you
would have you would have shown the
money so it would have been it would
have been the same outcome she just
would have got the million instead of
Gage yeah yeah no I would have never
like taken this away for I mean Jeff I I
know your family we we had just met them
before that million-dollar bribe and
then with toana we essentially had the
same dream building a shelter you know
we we grew up similarly so I I couldn't
take that away from them than that's
beautiful yes
see Patrick you are awfully quiet over
there man um have an you haven't asked
me a question yet I'm about to right
now so uh I had a lot of time to spend
with these guys on set um and every time
I would see Patrick he would tell me
these rules of Beast games that he would
come up with and I want to play a clip
that we prepared that people didn't see
on the show of me asking Patrick about a
few of those rules and him getting a
little
cocky oh puet Master Patrick Puppet
Master Patrick rule number one listen to
clits rule number two ask questions rule
number three trust your friends and Rule
Number Four don't take Jimmy's bait and
since looks like four people are getting
out tonight that's all I'm going to give
you wait there's more rules oh yeah
there's 10 the top 10 rules of Beast
games what's rule number five rule
number five of Beast games yeah well I
guess I'll have to tell you when I see
you tomorrow after I make
it did you see him tomorrow no
uh tell us a bit more about your rules
of Beast games and just some of the
psychology like you were breaking down
every little detail you know for years I
always wanted to do this show called
Survivor and it was just a dream of mine
growing up and it was something I wanted
to do to help my parents out and then we
heard about this show called Beast games
and I had tried to maybe like apply to
be in one of their videos and that was
always the goal is to help my parents
out with the money I got and so for
three years I didn't take a vacation at
my job just for the chance that I would
maybe get some opportunity like a
different show or like saving up PTO so
you could take time off literally yeah
so like my family be like hey we're
going on a vacation or we're going to
like go have dinner do this in this
other city I'm like yeah I got to go
study this video like I'm trying to
figure out challenges and so anyway long
story short I get into the show and one
of the things I which I love when people
make fun of like I love being but the
but of the joke but I really stood by
don't take Jimmy's bait and here's why
we got screwed in cubes what they don't
show is that we had a rest day before
the cubes uh in episode three in cubes
before that we had a rest day and then
we had like a dance party that night
that they don't show that was so fun
epic and so I'm like my friend comes up
to me he's like you're having fun but
like you look a little pensive and I'm
like I don't know man I got a bad
feeling Jimmy's going to screw us
tomorrow and it was uh Brennan shout out
7-Eleven and so it's like 3:00
a.m. and so for like 40 minutes I just
like tell him some theories and he tells
me what he thinks and so the next day we
do a sack race seems like it's going to
be fun right and I'm like oh dang I got
it wrong okay and then right after sack
races I look up cuz me Brennan and Matt
are right in front of the cube Jimmy's
above us and he's like guards handcuffed
him and I'm like oh my God we're screwed
and so I I really had my guard up for
for Jimmy you know having some kind of
trick on us and a challenge and so when
it came to episode8 with million-dollar
bribe I thought all right well I'm just
going to take zero you know it's either
it's either an advantage or a
disadvantage I want to make a bow play
that I can be proud of and standby and
so I decided I'm going to take zero dos
and it's either going to be awesome and
I'll have an advantage in the next
challenge maybe you have to carry the
weight of your money maybe it's some
Advantage just in that challenge in some
way or it's going to be this big
disadvantage where you don't have any
buying power for a vote or you don't
have the money you need to accomplish
the goal in that challenge I I have
something I I wanted to ask when I watch
it so if JC actually did end up sending
you guys money to vote for him would you
guys have like let's so if he sent you
like 50 Grand you wouldn't have voted
for him would you have Pat I thought
about it a lot and we talked on the
sixth round and I told him I would vote
for him but I was obviously so mad like
a lot of the rounds no no no let's let's
talk real talk okay real talk don't tell
them what they want to hear tell them
the truth you guys all
met before and said we are in agreement
it is a Witch
Hunt nobody here is going to vote for JC
or Michael really and they were all in
agreement we're not going to take bribes
from them we are not going to vote for
them that is what Courtney told me and I
believe it because this is the most
honest person in the whole entire so
that's why you didn't even try to send
money to any of them no yeah so they set
the Precedence I I do want to keep it
moving because there's another person
that a lot of you guys turned on um a
big episode that people talked about all
across social media was a trolley
problem
episode Lambos versus best friends
loyalty
betrayal or
would you guys change how you treated
Dino and how he was eliminated after he
said no to $1 million and saved a lot of
you guys on this stage because social
media has a different take on that
episode I'll say I don't understand why
people were getting mad at Dino that he
picked Jazz he just had to do what he
thought was strategic so still to this
day I don't I don't understand
oh you you want you want to take it I do
I know you're a sweetheart and I
understand your position but I really
want to speak on this because I feel
like out of the top 10 I'm really the
only one that can and what I want to say
is that jazz is the individual that was
under the radar completely you know just
a solid player she she is the black Emma
in in our in our position right and from
coming from a black girl right so Dino
and Dino I'd like your attention right
now because this is going to be the only
moment that you're really going to get
this um for you Dino and to answer your
question I would I can't change what I
did I ragged on him and I ragged on him
hard because Dino is a 60-year-old white
man from Hollywood he
instinctively chose Jazz because he
thought that black women were friends
but let me just say this at no point in
the game was there a major camaraderie
with the black women playing in Beast
games we played based on who we were you
know I'm very different from toana
Tana's very different from from jazz
jazz is very different from mo mo is
very different from Mia M and Mia come
from the same NE like the same state
city you know different places I'm I'm
from the county more so she's the city
but it's like we come from the same
place but we're totally different and so
the thing that I want America to
understand is when I said that no one is
going to respect you I wasn't talking
about the world I was talking about the
players because when I have these
individual one-onone conversations with
everyone they've all said yeah it was
obvious because we all know what the
relationships were like in the game the
relationships in the game were part of
the strategy and I understand why he
used it I'm not I'm not faulting him in
this moment in in retrospect for his
decision because it's not something that
I feel like he was in like intentionally
racist you know trying to accomplish
that goal no by no means however I want
the honesty of knowing that you chose
that it's no different than if it was
nine black people and one white or or
eight black people and two white people
sitting up here and then it's like oh
the the the black people are going to
just choose the white like it would have
been the same thing so I just I just
want the honesty in that I want the
world to understand that it wasn't a
direct blow to him and his character as
an individual but it was definitely to
bring awareness in the fact that we do
have things that we've inherited from
what we've culturally come from you know
what I mean and that was a diversity
that I felt like the show touched on in
many other ways but I wanted to make
sure that I spoke on that because I love
jazz and I felt like she deserved that
respect that was not mentioned
um there's there's so much to unpack
there and we have a little twist
obviously this couch here isn't empty
for a reason is Dino coming up so we
thought we'd invite up Dino to the stage
come
on all right well this
uh a lot to unpack there have a seat so
din know what what's your uh thoughts on
that well well well so yeah when it came
down to the uh the train uh situation
there basically qu uh queen and I she
gave me a pound she said she's stepping
down completely supported that she steps
down and then lo and behold Jimmy with
his twist he says oh by the way whoever
steps down is automatically immuned in
going to the top 10 and I'm like oh my
gosh so I looked back I had four
possibly five people that I thought
without a doubt I'm going to have the
support especially helping them out when
I turn down the million dollars yep and
so I go this is was a no-brainer I
stepped down lo and behold then you know
toana steps down of course as well you
know as you called everybody out they
supported tuana and I just said hey no
no good deed goes unpunished and and we
moved on so and then once all that took
place and then it came down to uh you
know tuana asked me to step on the
tracks I was on the tracks and when I
was uh asked to pick someone to join me
I look back and everyone in my mind
everybody was scam gambling hiding
behind each other JC stood straight and
he stood in his spot and uh and then
Jazz was standing next to JC but
everybody else was scrambling behind and
says come on like you've got to pick
somebody you got to pick somebody and
with my eyes I looked at JC and I KN he
has his two boys relating to those to my
two grandsons and thought okay I'm going
to leave JC and I looked over and I felt
a bit rushed and I selected Jazz and
yeah maybe it was selfish but I have a
lot of support on on on Reddit and so
forth it was a decision I had to
make and so uh anyway he the decision's
been made no is calling me selfish hey
and I I didn't grow up in Hollywood I
grew up in Lynwood California I grew up
with black and Mexicans and that's my
neighborhood
so all right
so black mexic no black and Mexican and
also a lot of people don't know this but
Dino um you fought in the fires in LA
and were on the front lines helping put
that out so I want to say thank you as
well thank
you thank you everybody thank you man
give it up thank you all right another
big moment from that trolley episode was
Akira and Mia oh gosh both of whom are
here today and I wanted to invite them
on stage so give it up for Akira and Mia
okay how's your Island
well
okay by the way did you keep the island
or did you give the C how when you give
away Islands which we gave her the
option I mean you can answer it they um
they gave me the option to keep it or to
exchange it for the monetary value and
and she chose to keep it right
no what do you think I did no well I
mean I really did want to own some
property there but it just in my best
interest with everything being
uninhabited I chose the cash value
plus if she chose to keep dialing she
would have had to pay taxes on it which
would have been crazy so I mean it's the
logical thing to do to take the money do
you remember what you said to Akira on
the trolley problem episode seemed like
it's all black females what did that
tell you I didn't think I could win this
5 million but I'm here to help somebody
else win it the only way to do
that played a great game here comes be
proud of yourself
be proud of the game that you played you
deserve better I can't hear you I don't
want to hear you we're good be scared to
compete against a woman think there's
Point Blank period and you about to be
next on the plane with me a scaredy cat
do you some nice lights up
here uh I'm just curious as you guys
reflect outside of the Heat of the
Moment are there things you would have
done or said differently well I know
that a lot of
times when you're playing the game it's
like honestly you forget the well I
forgot the cameras were there so I was
just it was just an honest response and
like people see the snarkiness of me but
I was quiet a lot of times to the game
so I observed a lot of
people the camera showed me have a lot
of expressions and talk a lot but most
people that actually know me they didn't
know me until that ending part of the
top 60 or top 20 that was when they
actually found out who I was so I got a
chance to sit on a bus with people from
New York York to Ontario Canada and
through that time I got a chance to see
how people interacted with certain
people and chose not to interact with
others so the energies were there to get
to know people it's just the people that
they got to know were probably the
people that looked like them and they
went to school with and was familiar so
all I would have to say from that
episode it it was what it was I do
respect the way a cur approached um this
conversation I will say however
that a lot of times I feel as though to
me eliminating me was one thing but to
eliminate two other people that didn't
even have a chance to even get to to be
known or have a conversation or even get
to the top to me was just like it could
have been done a little bit better it
could have been mixed up but it wasn't
my decision to make and I was
disobedient in what I was doing meaning
that I in my spirit should have went up
and competed against Akira but I was
just exhausted mentally from all the
things that I went through before that
um obviously we didn't know each other
very well and I was very closed off for
most of the game even in the final 21 I
only knew half the people
so like going into it it was very easy
to get rid of people I didn't know I
think it would have been much tougher to
make some of those decisions if I did
have deeper connections and
unfortunately once we got into the top
60 I did go on vacation and we never had
time to connect you were fighting for
your life out there coming back into the
city we went into two different
challenges first time we really talked
was right after we went back in top 21
and then you know we just never had the
chance so I never got to see your story
and seeing it play out live was really
beautiful and I did feel you know I did
feel bad that I did end your but also I
felt really happy that you did come away
with the island in that lifechanging
money um so I am sorry but I wouldn't
change anything that I did that day
that's like one of the first apologies
of the
night crazy
right closure I mean what's funny is
they they won more money than a lot of
people over here
did okay uh probably one of the biggest
moments on the show that just sent shock
waves was episode 3 The Cube
um and especially the Habibi brothers
who had this moment two brothers they
already told me I was going to be the
one going home they told me this earlier
so I said fine if I'm going home you
can't decide one of the two then you can
come with me so but let's see how they
do I think one of you two should go well
I don't think one of us should I think
one of us three should go I'm not going
unless CU here's the thing here's the
thing here's the thing right now your
decision is going to result in all three
of us leaving that means you're
guaranteed to leave I'm not going to
break and exactly you stood up for
yourself and I know you're stubborn I
can tell your stub you stood up for
yourself if I go down I'm going down
together you're negotiating your demise
if you if you I'm going to say I'm going
to say it one more time I'm going to say
it one more time the point that you are
making is you are negotiating your own
demise I don't want to get
bullied like I don't want you guys to
think that I'm like not at all like I'm
like whatever if they go out like just
be careful that make might cut you out
to be a villain I know I'm going to
become a villain and I know
it I'm not playing you're not playing
draw the card what the heck H draw the C
he's in here draw the card oh he's
backing out back it up do you want to go
home uh I mean no one wants to go home
of no so draw the card I I was never
part of this conversation I'll give you
guys 10 more seconds I'm not going to
here
FR all right guess nobody wants to play
the game even though she clearly didn't
want to play 20 minutes of non-stop
manipulation might have just changed her
mind we're just going to say screw it
and do it again he's not going to
participate but whoever makes it will
keep that in their back of their mind
moving forward so you want to do the
card game again it's just going to be us
too whoever gets forward and you're
you're not doing it all right the dector
shuffles come here then I had a good
chance and I'm just going to ruin you I
just want to get this over with 3 2 1
[Music]
I told you i' do
it I told you i' do
it
damn you
guys they're probably going to think
you're evil but it worked you didn't
have to play so we we play me and my
brother were secretly talking to each
other the entire time and uh basically
she doesn't know about
whoa whoa
all right well wow
um there's a lot there um I'm going to
invite up the Habibi Brothers to ask him
a few questions yes everyone s simber
down we're getting a little too rowdy up
here here here's the
microphone would you guys change
anything absolutely not
whoa you know we're putting this on the
inter okay keep going so it's played off
a little bit not how it truly happened
in there um so first and foremost Maddie
the player that was in the cubes with us
225 we were friends from before she was
kind of like in our friend group so we
went in after the sack race as a lot of
people did we were not the only
situation but we went in with our
friends and before the games even began
she told us I'm not going to play a game
one of you two has to self-sacrifice for
the other before you even explain the
rules before the rules before the rules
were explained she the rules to put two
and two together and you know told us
that one of you guys get out just cuz
we're brothers and and we weren't the
only situation that that happened in in
the cubes and I'm sure as anybody else
out there who has a sibling or a family
member if you were put in a situation
similar to ours and put in a cube where
somebody puts you up between a rock and
a hard place you're going to fight new
tooth and nail to be able to get out and
it's at that point it's the person that
you trust the most with you you're gonna
push as hard as you can to get to that
position so once she said that I me
prior to I kind of thought about it in
my head and I said well if it comes down
to it and I need to self sacrifice I'll
push my brother to go forward and
self-sacrifice but then she said that
and I said well I'm going to go forward
and and you know work as hard as I can
to be able to get both of us to go
through and if we go home we go home I I
fought what I needed to do and at that
point it was oh sorry you can't hear me
I thought you were going to hold his
hand
yeah at at that yeah at that point it
was we're going to do what we need to do
and we're going to work just to play a
game at that point because that's what
we're fighting for just to play a game
and you know yeah you know what's
interesting is the theme of family I'm
sensing from all you guys and who his
family whether it's blood or chosen
actually if you're wondering why we have
an empty seat here in the audience is
just the top 60 but we made an exception
yes Maddie come on out
[Applause]
you can respond
[Music]
firsthand did you have a mic it's so
good to see you welome the reunion wait
is this your guys's first time meeting
in person since filming yeah meeting
meeting in person yes speaking no okay
what do you have to say about what they
said about how you came into the
challenge before camera started rolling
so one thing that I don't think anyone
really knows is I actually have a degree
in math and EC omics but I when we
realized what the thing was what the
challenge was going to be I was like
this is a very obvious Game Theory
problem which is a very common economics
situation so immediately when we got in
the cube I said hey guys I have
absolutely nothing to gain by
sacrificing myself but you two do you
know you have your brothers it would to
the naked eye it's obvious like okay one
of them should self-sacrifice for the
other push their brother through so
that's what I did and I stood my ground
for about two hours and then I
remembered that I know them and they're
very stubborn people um and economics
class is not always real life because in
real life you know people are not always
textbook rational and egos exist and
there's a lot of emotions at play So
that obviously didn't out if she didn't
handcuff herself the timer's ticking 30
seconds left would one of you have bit
the bullet or would you both have just
gone home out of stubbornness absolutely
not really yeah absolutely not so one
thing we did um talk about because we
had like a little bathroom break before
the rules were explained and she' said
this before the bathroom break and so
the game's already playing in our head
and we're like oh my God like what are
we going to do and you know I I look to
my brother and you know I tell them I'm
like we can't go home like we can't like
like go home or sorry we we
can't cuff
ourselves neither of us if she doesn't
want to like she didn't want to play
fair then we're all going to go home and
and we're going to stand on principle on
that you can't sacrifice is what you're
saying we can't sacrifice ourselves
we're going to play game if you flipped
over the wrong card would you have
handcuffed yourself oh yeah at that
point it was we played a game and it's
it's not at that point it's my time to
go which I do want to bring something up
and I think this is ironically hilarious
so prior to us drawing before you even
came into our Cube we we were trying to
establish the rules of the game and I
was you mentioned that the ace was going
to be the lowest card and if anybody
plays any card game or poker all AC is
the highest and at that point I said
that's not worth me arguing I'm just
going to I just wanted her to play a
game so I didn't say anything I accepted
it and then at the end I drew a king and
she Drew aw an ace yeah um how aware
were you of how social media and
internet would react as you guys were
going through this and making
decisions anybody comment in the moment
yes it wasn't even a thought like while
we're playing the game it wasn't a
thought cuz that's that's an
afterthought we're just focused on
trying to get as far as we can in the
game so it wasn't but then afterwards
when social media came out and people
were hating we just we kind of embraced
it we was yeah we we we knew it was
going to be like you know something for
sure but it not to this magnitude of
like oh my God we ha while she was
crying didn't really help yeah yeah yeah
eating Chipotle or whatever while she's
going through
emotions laughing at someone crying not
the best op yeah at the end of the day
we're here to create content of course
you did a great job with that I I real
it was kind of interesting though seeing
how like crazy I feel like R Cube looked
and then everyone else were like having
tea parties and having horses and sushi
I'm like well I feel like we used the
phone
wrong cool well I want to thank you guys
for coming out speaking your truth
Maddie thanks so much for joining us as
a surprise guys give it up one more time
brother thank you we actually have one
final surprise for you all as you guys
know our friends at T-Mobile are
amazing yes yes there go switch the
lights bring it on up come on in guards
bring out the
guards bring out the we're not
done our friends at T-Mobile are huge
fans of all of you the top 10 are all
getting a brand new phone free T-Mobile
service and of course all those amazing
magenta status travel perks and benefits
I've been with T-Mobile for a while now
and it's clear why they always hook me
up they're literally the best that
they're huge fans of all of you they
wanted me to say they were inspired by
the connection you guys shared the
amazing friendships you built on the
show and they want you to stay connected
um thank you T-Mobile for helping us
make Beast games possible you everyone
give a round of
applause all right and now I'm going to
talk to Jimmy for a bit about his honest
thoughts of Beast games and then we're
going to talk to Jeff about how he's
going to spend his $10 million give it
up one more time for the top 10 finalist
okay this is going to be fun I want to
start off uh with the finale um and Play
a clip from my behind the scenes right
after we ended filming how do you top
this oh don't you worry there are plenty
of ways to Top This crazier than this oh
yeah no doubt about that way better
there's so many things we learn so many
so many things I mean this is great but
yeah my
God this is great as we see mil and all
these World Records seems like something
I would say I couldn't believe you said
that after that episode and giving away
10 million what was the biggest thing
you learned looking back uh biggest
thing I learned looking back um it is a
little hard to get to know like everyone
you know gets to know like the top 10
and 20 but you don't really know too
many people after the first two episodes
so to be honest in the future i'
probably going to be way more Cutthroat
like instead of eliminating 500 we
should eliminate like 800 at the start
so you get the numbers down um just
sucks cuz then most people are going to
show up and instantly get out but I
think that would be better for character
building well there's a lot of obvious
stuff now that I've watched the show
maybe 45 times that I I've pieced
together I think like one of one of the
silliest things is like when we had
people take bribes on episode one they
also got out you know when you
eliminated everyone to your left and
right and I think it would have been way
better if the person who pressed it
didn't get out so then we have like more
people you know cuz we build these
people up and they instantly get out and
they're not in episode 2 whereas like
imagine the guy who took the $100,000
bribe was still in episode 2 you know at
the end that would have been really cool
so like there's like we did that kind of
subtly throughout the shows like we'd
spend an episode building someone up and
they'd get out but it would have been
better if they stayed in um and so it's
a lot of little things like that that's
like hindsight 2020 I also it is I mean
it worked great for the finale but it's
so sad that I don't get to put 10
million in the title so in hindsight you
know maybe just make that part of it
because I I'm paying 10 million but 90%
of people you know just think it's 5
million which is a little brutal but the
last two months they're like people keep
coming up to me like holy you gave
away $5 million I'm like
well
yeah only you knew okay I got a
hard-hitting question for you oh God all
right
um the critics review of the show is
very different than the fan review on
Ron Tomatoes you got a 89% from the fans
thir
yep you can just stop there 89% what
else do we need to talk about 133% from
the Critics on Rotten Tomato from Seven
critics seven who only watched the first
two episodes I
[Music]
agree yes why the difference uh I don't
know I mean we'd have to call them but I
I mean they literally left it within
like the reviews within like an hour of
the show dropping so I'm like 99% sure
they didn't even watch it so um but at
the end of the day as long as the people
who like the 70 million people that
watched the show enjoyed it like what
else matters so uh I mean coming from
YouTube I'm new to this whole critic
thing I don't know why you need to
segment oh these 10 people versus these
10 million people like shouldn't all
that matters is that the audience
enjoyed it you know what I mean so to me
it doesn't really matter um was there
any feedback or criticism of the show
that you were like actually that's a
great note oh yeah tons uh you know
maybe a little more skill-based stuff
just yeah you know all right all right
don't don't cheer too loud okay I don't
get so happy but yeah I uh in the future
I definitely want a little less luck in
it I mean you don't know till till you
go through it but it would it would feel
better if it felt like certain people
earned things more instead of like
lucking through I actually really liked
when we gave people the option to do
chance you know skill or whatever so
giving people more of the option so if
it is luck based it's like they decided
I think it's a much better way of going
about it there's one night on set when
uh we played Settlers of Katon with the
the top 10 and did I win actually I
think you did okay um and it was
fascinating to see you as a player uh
like how strategic you were how measured
you were um and I just wanted to put you
in the situation of if you were a
contestant on Beast games yeah what
would you do in these situations oh gosh
I'm going to Rapid Fire ready yeah
episode two if you were on the tower
would you take the $1 million of course
it's a million dollars your odds are
better I don't
why' you guys say no you could have you
could have asked 25% of the players what
are we
doing I'm kidding I'm looking at Dino
although I'm not I mean a million bucks
plus your odds are better you would take
the million dollar bribe I mean yeah
it's a million dollars even if you
promised all the people you're like I'm
going to go there say no well you just
you know ignore that part in episode
three there were the
cubes oh God how would you go about
getting out of the cube if the two
people in there with you were Carl and
Chandler oh wait Carl Chandler you guys
in here oh did hey huh I didn't hear
what you guys were talking about he's
asked me how I'd manipulate you in the
cube if you were in the cube if I had to
like it was me you and Chandler I would
just never get out I I would be the
villain for
sure you'd be the
Habib I'm
kidding
[Music]
uh I I'd probably try to get him to play
me in a board game maybe Monopoly cuz
Monopoly is like chance you calling a
board game yeah what I'd probably pull
them each aside and be like let's try to
figure out how to team up on the other
one and like make our odds better pull
pull each of them aside individually
yeah episode five would you compete for
the island or skip that challenge oh
definitely compete right cuz you have
one in 10 chance of 1.8 million I'm
actually only nine people did it which
is surprising cuz you it's what was it
one in 160 at five or one in 10 at 1.8 I
mean it's just like the EV scores are so
much better I was shocked 10 people
didn't even go after it episode 8 the
challenge where there's a million
dollars in the middle and each
contestant had to go out one by one and
decid all million so if you if you went
first you're if you're in toana position
you would go out and you would take how
much yeah I would take the million and
then I'd just give it to them on the
towers or something you know I mean they
didn't know that at the time but yeah
would you would figure it out well then
you have all the control that'd be
awesome I could obviously would have
played this completely different than
you guys so I probably would have been
eliminated
like yeah how how much do you think
about that when you go through creating
the games with Tyler and kitner like how
much you put yourself in the shoes of
like what somebody would do oh obviously
every game but uh how it played out and
how we thought things would play out
were two completely different things
which I think is one of the beauty of
the show is there obviously was a lot
more Integrity a lot more caderie and
honestly way nicer than we thought in a
lot of instances which is threw off a
lot of the equations for some of these
games which one in particular comes to
mind um I mean obviously at the end of
episode 2 I mean I I thought for sure
someone was going to press it at like
200k and then it just went up to a
million but it I mean it was awesome
because that Cliffhanger was perfect and
you know people still like come up to me
and they're just like there's no shot
that's real and I'm like I don't know
what to tell you in the finale would you
have flip the coin and RIS elimination
but potentially no no especially cuz t
toana sounded like she was going to do
it too I just that was crazy I have to
ask about the $10 million coin flip I
like for months leading up to that I
mean I know you haven't even asked the
question yet but we were like yeah we'll
just throw this in there no one's
actually going to like do it yeah like
you know we're like there's the EV ratio
like imagine filming for a month and
then just gambling it all on a coin flip
that everyone else benefits from it it
makes no sense yeah I was going to say
like talking to you Carl like Chan like
everybody didn't think it was going to
happen on oh no you you probably have a
thousand shots and me going no shot this
is going to happen I was like yeah we'll
probably just cut it out the show cuz
like no one's going to do it and it
doesn't make sense I I even I told Tyler
he's the you know for when we post this
like the guy who writes a lot of our
stuff I was like why are we even doing
this this is just a waste of time like
who would actually in the right mind
flip this
coin um H how do you think about when
you add more money on the show because I
was there with you on set the Tesla for
the train vers um Lambo episode for the
trolley problem episode you guys just
stuck another $100,000 in the trunk like
I think that was a game time decision um
how do you make those decisions of like
okay let's add more money let's add
another $5 million like do you ever
think about oh the return of adding more
money or is it just for fun well if we
thought about the return we wouldn't um
because I don't think I got $5 million
out of it but it was just uh no I mean
these things were pre-planned beforehand
because obviously because of compliance
I can't like change too much on set so
it's usually just whatever we agreed to
going into it to be honest do you ever
worry about raising the bar too high
Jimmy to the point where like audien has
become too desensitized to like what it
means to win $10
million on a show like like that is so
above that's the the beauty of that is
if they're desensitized to the money I'm
giving away then I me I don't know how
they'll watch any other game show
so I I I think that's more of a problem
for everyone else not us I thought it
was fascinating how in the past week you
put out the first three episodes of
Beast games for free on YouTube yeah why
uh just to get more people hooked so
then they would come over to Amazon and
watch the rest um it's it's been great
so far like people are watching it and
it's causing a spike on the show because
just some people you know uh just wanted
to see it before they committed to
buying to Prime what's been the impact
of Beast games on filming your YouTube
content like have you tried to do more
challenges like you did in the games
have you tried to up the production
quality has there been a change impact
on your YouTube content oh yeah
definitely I think if you watch the
pyramid video we just did you'll see
there's way more cinematic shots it's
way uh just everything about it I we
actually it's in 4k which I think that
was like we're starting to do all our
YouTube videos in 4k now just I had a
lot of theories like oh you know people
prefer YouTube videos that feel a little
more amateur they don't they you know
especially because over half of the
viewership on YouTube now in America is
on television so we started upping the
quality of our cameras because I was
like oh this show looks great now it
makes my YouTube channel look like you
know so we started bringing in bigger uh
the bigger Rigs and using more high
quality cameras and so far the reception
on YouTube's been great so it's way more
uh cinematic way higher quality content
and even I just think even the
storytelling and things like that in our
content has gotten much better so we I
learned a lot um it it also helped
because we had a lot of um traditional
people which is just a lens that I
didn't normally learn from I was around
a lot of different people so like
learning from them over the 45 days and
then pulling it all over to YouTube was
really helpful yeah yeah especially now
I think YouTube just announced that TV
is the most watched surface it's over
half of us viewership is now on
television for YouTube which is crazy
when you think about it because it used
to just be a phone thing um but as
Cable's dying everyone's switching over
to YouTube on TV yeah I want to ask also
about the change in thinking about Story
versus spectacle yeah I thought it was
fascinating episode one biggest
spectacle you know thousand contestants
500 people eliminated roughly trap doors
pillars like crazy production
episode 8 nobody eliminated jez is
basically just people walking in and out
of
houses and I want to know what they
think which you guys like better raise
your hand if you like episode one better
raise your hand if you like episode
eight better wow that's interesting no
one got out in episode 8 wow yeah you
you know the top 10 and it really built
them up and came across better as
opposed to just dropping people at
against constantly yeah um what did that
teach you about changes you would make
to your content moving forward I mean
obviously we know the objective get it
where you feel how you feel in episode 8
ideally sooner in like episode two or
three I think at the Crux we just didn't
get rid of enough people at the start so
we just got to get the numbers down
sooner and then um it'll be much easier
because you know if if we have 30 or 40
people it's not hard it's just hard when
you have 400 because but and if you're
only going to focus on 30 why have 400
so just get the numbers down yeah how do
you try to find stories when it was that
many people like you had people like
asking questions like question like I me
we had 150 people editing this so it was
yeah they were shifting through an
unfathomable amount of footage we the I
mean the other thing too is definitely
giving our editors more editing time I
mean we were right up to the deadlines
and then we'd get Amazon to like give us
a couple extra days and then we'd shove
a couple or shave a couple days off
doves and then we'd film it earlier so
we give the editors like ideally an
extra month to like focus on it because
even though we had so many people it
just like there's just way too much
footage like episode one with the 1100
cameras it was just it was brutal but
deeper in the show when there's only 10
people it's like you know you can watch
everything that was said during that
whole day and so it's much easier to
like grab the optimal stuff and put it
in yeah um it's so fascinating Jimmy to
be able to interview you through the
years as you go through different life
stages and see how that impacts your
videos um you recently got engaged I
did I did the thing yeah Tia is here I
don't know where she's at but shout out
to Tia she was wonderful to have on set
um I'm wondering does being engaged soon
to be married one day having kids does
that change how you view I don't know
it'll happen soon you think man it'll
happen I don't know where you got that
from um having a family think about all
that in the future does that change how
you think about the challenges and the
contestants who come on your videos uh
that's a deep question
uh probably not no cuz there's a lot of
like family Dynamics like you look at
like Jeff and toana like you're not just
invested in them at that point it's
their families is they kids um I mean
those like obviously when we brought the
families out like I I don't you don't
need to have like a a wife or kids that
understand like oh this hits emotionally
and and feels good so I I hate to to
give you a lame answer but probably not
love you Tia though if you're here it's
reported that you've placed a
multi-billion dollar bid on Tik Tok um
well I didn't I'm part of the bid I'm
part of the bid uh well first of all
yeah I don't have billions of dollars um
oh yeah first of all I want to ask is it
true uh if you could talk about the bid
on Tik like Tik Tok and if you win the
bid to buy Tik Tok I'm curious what is
your experience being the top YouTuber
and now having a streaming show
influenced in terms of owning a platform
like what changes would you make if you
were the owner of Tik Tok yeah I mean
I'm really not allowed to say much
especially because this is going to be
on the internet so um that's I can't I
don't know you're going to give in
trouble here they're going to kick me
out of the deal that's fair uh ask me in
a month and I'll have a way better
answer any other thoughts Reflections
like looking back such a Monumental I me
people love the show you guys are great
I mean it's uh seeing the internet's re
reaction to it has been amazing like
honestly I feel a little empty because
I'm going to get up next Thursday and
I'm not going to be able to check Reddit
or Twitter I'm going to you know just
have to go back to normal life it's kind
of sad um but no people loved it and
Amazon's happy and you guys killed it
thank
you all right it's time for the man of
the hour the guy won $10 million let's
bring out
Jeff all I just have to ask Jimmy you
were telling me did you wire the $10
million to Jeff today yeah I a lot of
you know you we don't pay people until
the episode airs so this episode
obviously aired at 3:00 a.m. today so he
just got paid literally today did did
you ever were there ever nights where
you doubted that it would be real yeah
yeah you doubt it that the I me just
like like it's a lot of money this
happened five months ago and like my
wife's like I'm like hey like can you
believe it and she goes it's not in
there yet yeah like who knows what's
going to happen that's a good wife yeah
yeah um and maybe we show the screenshot
of it and uh because it's crazy to see
that post they'll they'll throw it up on
the reunion so here here it is I don't
know what camera I'm supposed to be
looking at but if you're curious
obviously your information will be
blurred but there's the the Big 10 mil
so it is paid as of now all 20 plus
million should have been paid to
everyone that's OD so it's crazy to see
like all this like play out Jeff how did
you keep it a secret for 5 months we
spoke a few times like it's almost like
yeah tell me about that like that must
have been the hardest secret to keep um
that you won 10
million of course it's hard but it's
also like what I got to experience and I
think said it when we were get down
to the final 10 like think about
everything you've gone through and how
fun it was like believe it or not the
people who watch it will feel the same
thing and like kind of like hit me like
I can't take that away from my mom or my
sister even though they Pride me they
didn't know till today or my yeah my mom
didn't know until this morning w wow wow
W that's crazy what was her reaction I
mean they lost their mind I mean and
especially as I got further in the game
I was kind of leading them astray like
they thought I was for sure going to get
eliminated on episode 9 by kind of the
way I was acting with him and then I
said hey the final six I'm like are you
kidding me I got to talk about I got to
talk about Lucas two episodes in a row
like in my book that's a winner like
however the finale works or ends I
consider myself a winner man I can't
believe they didn't know till today
that's insane dedication that's why it
didn't leak though I appreciate it but
what's here what's crazy is because Jack
my 9-year-old was there at the finale he
hasn't told a soul Wow Let's Go shout
out to wow that is not easy
Jack you're going to be the coolest
person in your school now when you go to
school next um you know I spoke to a lot
of people who came on the show and they
sacrificed a lot people left their jobs
um but a lot of them were a bit younger
you know they could kind of roll the
dice and do this last harah you had a
family at home uh you were in sales you
like had this whole life in San
Francisco how did you make the decision
to say I'm going to put potentially not
look at my phone for 30 days to risk
trying to make this crazy dream happen
um I was at our annual conference for
Association for efficiencies two
years ago and the woman came on stage to
give a keynote and she goes hey
everybody I have the Silver Bullet to
how to cure a rare disease everybody's
on the edge of their seat and she
goes you need to find a celebrity who
has a child with it holy
and so for me I go obviously I'm not a
celebrity but I need to figure out how
to get a platform and how to get a voice
um and so I kind of toiled with it all
the time um early last year my
9-year-old 8-year-old at time is like
Dad I want you to watch this video with
me I want you to watch this video it was
Mr Beast and then I see it on a a link
for application on on a billboard like a
casting billboard and I go I put it on
my whiteboard I set alarm on my phone
and the day came I think it was like May
31st and so I recorded a video I'm like
screw it I'm doing it wow but I didn't
tell my wife that I did it until I got
in because I didn't want her to start
planning and freaking out that I'll be
gone for 30 days um but yeah it was it
was Terry Joe Belle who inspired me to
kind of go you got to get out there and
get a platform and I'm wow forever
grateful for for being there to hear
that wow and how uh so far have you seen
like people talking about it more and
the creatine deficiency disorder and
everything like what oh it's um like I I
got a I got a DM on Instagram from a
from a mom in
Argentina who said she had never heard
anybody talk about creatine transport
deficiency except her doctor wow she
thought her kid was the only one in all
of Argentina and she kind of felt like
she was finally part of a group and
finally heard and um wow yeah it's uh
like that's the stuff that like that's
why I'm doing what I'm doing dang wow
and to put it in perspective we were
talking on set how many people in the
world have creatine transporter
deficiency diagnos is like under 400 in
the entire world yeah but we think it's
underdiagnosed by hundredfold I think
most parents kind of give up because the
diagnosis Journey can take years to try
to really figure out and pinpoint it and
for people who aren't aware of the
effects of this um condition can can you
just explain I know you've said it on
the show but I just want people to have
full Contex for sure um our bodies make
creatine naturally and they travel
through the blood to get to the organs
and the muscles um and there's a
transporter Lucas is transporter or kids
with ctd their transporter is broken so
their bodies make the energy creatine
fine but their organs or muscles can't
receive it um and the symptoms are kind
of cognitive delays developmental delays
epileptic um low tonal so it's just
failure to thrive so it's just it's and
there's no treatment for it yet
and how if people want to help you how
would you recommend they reach out like
message you on Instagram yeah I mean you
can message me on Instagram you can go
to creatin info.org which is the uh the
nonprofit that is the the primary funer
for research um and there's more on my
website too legacy8 31.com
okay wow um after we watched the finale
together for the first time last night I
started going through Twitter and social
media just trying to see some of the
reactions of what people thought uh well
before you read them up have you been
reading social media keeping up with it
yeah only only messages so I don't know
like what have you read the Beast game
subreddit or anything oh wow have you of
course yeah I want to see what they
think of everything what what that's
actually really what have you seen that
stuck out uh the stuff I said before
more skillbase blah BL BL uh interesting
so you you don't read Twitter or search
your name on I do but not I haven't done
it since I mean the last 24 hours have
been little a little crazy yeah you
should search 831 on Twitter all right
it's over one L positive yeah here's a
comment I thought just summed up
everything I saw when I was researching
uh quote uh and I'll put this on screen
tears as I watch the Beast games finale
episode 10 The Winner was welld deserved
and I'm glad the contestants didn't
leave with nothing great show W wrote w
all
around
yeah
um what what what are your first plans
with the 10 million
um first I got to figure out how much
you know taxes I would owe yes um you
know please pay your taxes I wouldn't
please we sent the full 10 million it's
on him please pay the taxes you don't
withdrawals before no which I'm glad
because so I have the pretty screenshot
of the 10 million but it's scary because
he owes a lot in taxes sometimes to help
out people we withhold it and pay the
taxes for them but we sent the full
money pay the taxes don't go to jail of
course just like I got it April 15th
we're all good yeah and so you know for
me it's finding projects that we can
fund to help find kind of a a cure and
again a cure is going to take time um
you know it takes finding a technology
or a therapy that works and then you got
to put it through clinical trials so um
there's some awesome stuff going on at
Stanford um and some some places in
Canada too and we're going to find out
which projects are best to fund and try
to get some stuff rolling love it our we
we talked quite a few times after the
finale taping and tonight about just
preparing yourself for how you know the
world would react to finding out that
you won the $10 million could you talk
about some of the things you did to get
ready and take this opportunity and ride
the momentum
um obviously the X's and O's you know
talking to attorneys
um couples counseling you know like like
really making sure that we're prepared
as a as a team um but also just kind of
recommitting to who do I want to be you
know
um they say kind of money doesn't change
you but it definitely brings out who you
are um and so for me it's you know I
want my ultimate Drive of why I believe
I won was because I wanted to receive
the prize so that I can share it um and
for me sharing it means helping kids
like Lucas um so hold me to it you know
and I I want to be that person person
who's going to make a difference for for
kids like Lucas are you going to quit
your job I don't yeah you won't see me
in W2
again was there anything that you bought
or you spent knowing that the 10 million
was coming or you just played it
conservatively until you saw the wire um
pretty conservative um we went on a
vacation my my kids have never gone to a
beach vacation even though we live in
California so we did a Beach vacation
over Christmas and Lucas had a blast we
did swim lessons up until that so he was
much better prepared and um it was nice
knowing that we had it um but we we
couldn't share it it's a weird thing
when it's happened but it hasn't
happened and I'm sure you have that all
the time with with your challenges yeah
like knowing it's coming but it not
being there and so you have to like yeah
I I I think Cruz said something to my
wife after the finale he's like she
looked at him she goes what just
happened and Cruz is like nothing
happened yet in five months it will
happen d one thing that we learned about
you afterwards is that you're a
professional poker player o like how
professional we talk yeah how
professional yeah and did that play into
the games as professional
as that is not true oh W so that was
that was a a joke that landed so bad
that they thought it was true oh wow I
thought you were I believe it and and so
this is a shout out to ko ko I I don't
know when he got out in the games but he
was a professional poker player so when
we were having this conversation with
Gage and toana I said oh yeah I when I
used to be a professional poker player
something to that extent and like they
they believed it I'm like oh my gosh
this is great so I I I was a horrible
Gambler like horrible Gambler I I
haven't played the bet in 10 years so
like thank God for me yeah so for me to
be a professional poker player is like
hysterical especially to all my friends
cuz I was never good I'm really thinking
back to this moment where you had the
families come out and uh Jeff seeing you
with your family for the first time on
set
um what did that spark in you like what
did that reignite because it seemed to
have an effect a bunch of people mention
it during the top 10 yeah my
um family means the world to me um and I
I've never gone 30 days not talked to my
wife and I love spending time with my
kids and and like I always thought it
was cliche like oh like the best day of
my life was when my kids were born until
your kids are born and you realize it is
that was right up there with it when
they came around the corner and I saw my
son and I hear him say my name and then
I see my wife and like she's looking at
me like she's so proud of me it was like
it was literally the best night of my
life like the top five best nights of my
life and in typical Jimmy fashion they
walk around the corner this way we go
into a challenge and again I think it's
one of the the reasons why you see me
kind of get a little fired up that night
was I was just the emotions of that
night were beautifully scripted
Bravo and shout out to them for not
saying come home we miss you no they
they were my wife was super supportive
like
literally we had like she's like just
let you know like if you have a chance
to call me for a bribe I'm not going to
answer wow really yeah and and I told
her like when I signed up for it I'm
like hey this is going to be an awesome
PL for Lucas like I'm going to be able
to tell tell the world about creatine
transport efficiency if I go far enough
she goes she goes screw that she goes if
you're signing up you better win this
thing and that changed my whole
mindset yeah um I'll give you guys the
final word I'm I'm so grateful that this
happened I I texted Jimmy I'm like so
much happened on the show we got to do a
Reunion yeah no I'm glad we did feel
like the viewers will like having like
hey a little bit more knowledge on
certain things that happen closure on a
lot of other things and then just
getting to hear him talk more and
everything like this will be perfect and
because after episode 10 whenever this
goes up in a month like it will autoplay
for all the new people watching it so
it'll just be like a great way to like
close any uh endings on watching the
show so I'm very glad we did it yeah
Jeff any final words from you anything
that you want to share with the world um
your family your cause my plan is to
kind of put um the rubber to the road
you know I'm going to Ruck from the
Nevada border all the way to the coast
of California in the next few weeks to
try to raise more awareness for ctd and
and for Lucas going to start um on the
Nevada border of California and we're
going to go 365 miles all the way to
Santa Barbara uh Santa Barbara area so
one mile for each day that Lucas has to
suffer with ctd so 14 basically
marathons more than that yeah we'll have
to do a marathon a day for two and a
half weeks wow wow okay give it up one
more time for
Jeff
World thanks to T-Mobile who knows a
thing or two about keeping people
connected we have $60,000 up for grabs
and a quick game to end out the night
what we're going to do we're going to
have you guys come up here I believe and
then we're going to put a cup over there
and then you'll each get a shot kind of
like in episode two and everyone who
land it in the coup we split the 60
Grand thanks to T-Mobile if you want to
look over there check that out oh that
looks
sick
[Music]
okay come
[Applause]
on here it is
[Music]
come
on come on
[Music]
T
got you got it
oh my God I cannot believe I just did
that